Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal..."
Huh?
Whoa!
Is that Astral World?
Quinton and Kite did it!
They got me here!
Astral!
All right!
I found you at last!
Now I'm busting
you out of here.
So let's get going!
You are not going anywhere.
You're...
I am the Guardian of
Astral World.
Those that I protect
call me Eliphas.
Let us duel.
Let's duel.
I summon New Order 12
Etheric Maahes!
This guy doesn't quit!
He keeps powering up
his monsters!
Attack Utopia Ray Victory!
Whoa!
Barian World?
Yes.
What is important is for
you to fully realize
everything about
your true self.
Vector!
Vengeance will be mine!
This I promise!
I will get payback for my
sister!
Prepare to strike!
Show no mercy!
Forward!
Victory is ours!
Now go, Etheric Maahes!
Attack Utopia Ray Victory!
No!
Astral!
♪ ♪
♪ Still together
as one ♪
♪ 'Cause
divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't
stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't
afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ And all of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear
down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final
night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our
souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that
we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got
nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
(thinking)
I'm done for.
Astral, what--
Kuri, Kuri!
That's it!
(roaring)
I activate Rainbow Kuriboh's
special ability!
Kuri!
Rainbow Kuriboh equips on
to your Etheric Maahes,
and Maahes can
no longer attack!
You are only delaying
your defeat.
Huh.
We'll see about that
Eliphas,
'cause Utopia Ray Victory's
attack points
are all powered up again.
Relying on your Number for
victory...is quite foolish.
Since my turn has ended,
Etheric Sebek and Horas return
to being Overlay Units.
(thinking)
I gotta figure out a plan to
beat this guy,
or else Astral and I
are done for.
(crying)
Here.
You better
eat something.
So, what's your name?
Iris.
This is unreal.
She looks just like
my sister.
If I didn't now better,
I'd say she was trying
to send me a sign.
And even though she's
not here with me,
she's always by my side.
(thinking)
I promise to protect you,
Iris.
I won't let you down
like I did my sister.
Let's go!
(yelling)
Aah!
(horse whinnies)
Vector!
Hyah!
Vector's whole army is
down in that valley.
Now is our chance,
Your Highness.
One final attack
and victory is ours!
You led us to this point.
We're ready to finish this
battle once and for all.
We're at your command,
Your Majesty.
Here, here.
You are the king
You have our loyalty.
At your service, Sire.
All right.
I'll let you know what actions
to take shortly.
(all)
Yes, Sire!
We don't have a choice.
We can defeat Vector and his
army if we strike now.
There will be massive
casualties on both sides,
but that is a sacrifice
we must be willing to make.
I need time to think.
(thinking)
Even if I win the battle
and defeat Vector,
my people will suffer.
And it will be all my fault.
Reginald.
Rio.
This is our past, Reginald.
Our distant past.
Yes, I know.
I know you better
than anyone else,
so even though
you can hide
your emotions
from the others,
you cannot fool me.
I know you are wrestling
with your thoughts.
I know how troubled you are
at this moment.
Rio, I...
I just don't know
what to do.
You are a good person,
and you want what's best,
and that makes
some choices painful.
It must be nice
to be so dumb
that you don't have
any worries at all,
like someone I know.
You mean Yuma?
But I...
I have all these other memories
that keep surfacing.
Like Dumon says, we've led
two different lives.
That's true.
In this life, your
decisions affected many.
You were the one who decided
the fate of this world.
And you're deciding that
destiny right now.
Just remember that
I'm always at your side.
There's a way
to end this war
without taking
heavy casualties,
and it all rests
on my shoulders
Vector!
What?
What do you mean Nash
is missing?
Sir, the emperor
and his horse are gone.
He must've gone after
Vector alone.
Huh?
Aah!
This is the labyrinth where
I dueled Abyss!
Hey, Vector!
We don't need our armies to
battle this out!
Let's settle this ourselves,
just you and me!
All right, Nash.
You're on!
(laughing)
Ta-da!
Vector.
To think you came
all this way to lose.
(laughing)
Since you were the one
who choose where we battle,
I think I should be the one
to decide how we battle.
Fine.
So let's make it
a Shadow Duel!
This Shadow Duel is
gonna be tons of fun!
So these stone tablets
function as cards.
I'm gonna make you regret you
challenged me to a duel!
(laughing)
We'll see.
Let's duel!
I go first.
I draw!
First, I summon
Gorgonic Ghoul!
And next, I think I'll summon
a second Gorgonic Ghoul!
When there's already a Gorgonic
Ghoul on my field,
I can bring out another one
for just 300 life points.
So now, I summon a third
Gorgonic Ghoul!
I was never one
to follow the rules,
so I activate
Breaking the Norm!
I can summon a monster
with the same level
onto my field
from your deck!
So instead of just using my
monsters to take you down,
I'll use one of
yours as well!
You'll use one of mine!?
Let's see.
How about...
this one.
I summon Mermaid Shark!
Why would he just leave?
I hope he's okay.
I have to find him!
I place two stone tablets
facedown and end my turn.
It's my move then!
And with it, I promise to
crush you and your monsters!
(laughing)
Starting...right now!
I summon Spear Shark!
And that also lets me summon
Silent Angler!
And to keep it company,
I summon a second one
from the deep!
Spear Shark, time to attack!
Take out his Gorgonic Ghoul!
Bad move, my friend!
I'm activating the trap
Gorgonic Temptation!
My Gorgon entrances
your little guppy
so that it'll attack
a different monster,
like your Mermaid Shark!
That doesn't change anything!
My Spear Shark's got
way more attack points!
(laughing)
You don't understand how
a Shadow Duel works, do you?
What?
I'm so happy to
educate you!
(shouting)
We must save the emperor.
Attack the enemy!
(shouting)
Hold on.
Who gave the orders to attack?
They shouldn't be fighting.
Well, they are, and their
destiny rests in your hands.
This is a Shadow Duel, Nash.
We're the ones who control
what happens.
Our duel determines
the fate of our armies,
and you're the one
who made it happen!
Uhh!
You're more than just
a leader now!
You're the man who unknowingly
started a worldwide war!
But why?
Why did you have
to drag others into
our fight, Vector?
You know why.
Caring for others is your
greatest weakness.
(laughing)
And I love seeing you tortured
and tormented because of it!
(laughing)
Vector!
Back to our battle.
So I'll I activate
Disaster Conspiracy!
All your monsters, including
the ones in your deck
that are stronger than
Mermaid Shark, are destroyed.
And since Mermaid Shark only had
a measly 100 attack points,
all your fish are finished!
No!
My monsters, destroyed.
It's a dead end.
(shouting)
I place one stone tablet
facedown and end my turn.
Now I draw.
Uhh!
Let's start off with
Gorgonic Cerberus!
I activate Gorgonic Cerberus'
special ability!
All my monsters become
Level Three monsters!
I overlay my Level Three
Gorgonic Cerberus and ghoul!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Gorgonic
Guardian!
But why stop here?
Two Gorgonic Guardians
are better than one!
I Xyz Summon Gorgonic Guardian
number two!
Here comes a world of pain!
Attack Nash directly!
Aah!
(laughing)
Nash, this is more fun
than I ever imagined!
Aah!
Fire!
Huh?
Aah!
When I destroy you, your army
will be destroyed, too!
(laughing)
Don't bet on it, Vector.
I will not fall to you,
and neither will my army.
(growling)
My turn!
I draw!
I activate Gazer Shark's
special ability!
When it's in the graveyard,
I can use it to Xyz Summon.
I overlay two Level Five
Gazer Sharks!
No way!
With these new monsters,
I build the Overlay Network.
I Xyz Summon Number 73,
Abyss Splash!
I activate Abyss Splash's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it doubles its attack points!
Abyss Splash, attack!
Ugh.
I activate Gorgonic Guardian's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit
Abyss Splash
loses all its special abilities
and attack points.
Not if I activate the trap
Overlay Wedge!
Overlay Wedge stops Gorgonic
Guardian's special ability.
And don't think you can
use your other monster's
special abilities,
because Overlay Wedge
stops them, too!
Oh, no!
You lose, Vector.
Hyah!
Abyss Splash, attack Gorgonic
Guardian!
By beating me,
you think you've won?
You've already lost.
You just don't realize it yet!
Aah!
It's over.
Uhh.
My men.
Iris.
Iris!
(crying)
I didn't win anything.
Iris, say something,
anything.
I brought this on.
I'm the one to blame
for all of this...destruction.
Aah!
Huh?
They are going
to Barian World.
There they will live
as Barians.
Rio. Dumon.
This war. I remember.
This was all part of my life
before.
You mean our life.
Now do you see?
Do you understand why you became
the leader of the Barians?
All their souls went
to Barian World.
And you, as a true leader,
will not abandon your people.
Those souls.
Those innocent souls.
Reginald.
I'm a...Barian.
Who would've guessed it?
Yuma?
Astral?
Kite?
Who would've guessed
that the leader of their
enemies was...me?
I can't let him win this.
There's no way
I can lose this duel!
All right.
I know the deck
Astral and I built
is not gonna let me down.
My turn!
I draw!
The energy level
is increasing!
Increasing?
But why is that happening?
Something catastrophic could
be occurring on Astral World.
Huh? There must be
a way to stop it.
There isn't.
And it's going to destroy
the teleporter.
No! No!
I activate the spell card
Xyz Treasure!
I draw one card
from my deck
for every Xyz Monster
on the field!
That means I get to draw
two cards.
I'm gonna get you
out of there, Astral,
I promise.
Hyah!
Ha ha!
I activate...
Stealth Strike!
By cutting Utopia Ray Victory's
attack points in half,
it can soar past your monsters
and attack you directly!
That means...
If our monsters
don't battle each other,
Rank Domination's effect
doesn't activate!
That will not happen.
I activate
the trap Rank Wall!
Since my monster's Rank
is higher than yours,
the trap Rank Wall creates
a seal of protection
and ends the battle.
So your attack is futile.
What?
I thought for sure
that I had him beat.
Time to
figure out Plan B.
At least I have Utopia Ray
Victory's attack points
back at full strength.
Your end is at hand.
Witness the ultimate power
that I possess.
A power so potent that it
has never been revealed
until this very moment.
Cower at my Rank 13
Xyz Monster!
A Rank 13?
(thinking)
How can I beat something
I never even knew existed?
♪ ♪